README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter)

# Elm simple starter

A quick boilerplate setup with the following tools integrated:
+ Elm (v0.19)
+ Browserify
+ Elm live
+ Express

# Quick Start

```bash
git clone https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.git && cd elm-simple-starter
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

# Development Start

(after following the `Quick Start` the above)

In separate terminal windows run:

+ `npm run watch:elm`
+ `npm run watch:js`
+ `npm run watch:server`

Branches:

`master` - simplest setup

`counter` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/counter

`counter-with-localstorage` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/counter-with-localstorage

`http` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/http

`ports` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/ports

`routing` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/routing

`timeout` - https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/timeout

Commit message:

tidy wording, add links to integrated tools and add ci build table

README.md, after:

# Elm simple starter

An `Elm` (`v0.19`) boilerplate integrating with the following tools:
+ [Browserify](https://github.com/browserify/browserify)
+ [Elm live](https://github.com/wking-io/elm-live)
+ [Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express)

# Quick Start

```bash
git clone https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.git && cd elm-simple-starter
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

# Development Start

(after following the `Quick Start` the above)

In separate terminal windows run:

+ `npm run watch:elm`
+ `npm run watch:js`
+ `npm run watch:server`

Check out the different `branches` for the `Elm` example you are looking for

| Branch | Status |
|---------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [master](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/master) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
| [counter](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/counter) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=counter)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
| [counter-with-localstorage](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/counter-with-localstorage) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=counter-with-localstorage)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
| [http](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/http) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=http)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
| [ports](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/ports) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=ports)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
| [routing](https://github.com/samhstn/elm-simple-starter/tree/routing) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter.svg?branch=routing)](https://travis-ci.org/samhstn/elm-simple-starter) |
